Project
Project

Develop a simple game in a group of 2-3 people. The game should include a graphical interactive component and it is suggested that you use the pygame api. E.g. you may implement an arcade game like tetris or space invaders.

While it is a good idea to look at code samples please do not use other people's code but write your own! Please be explicit about ideas/structures you have learnt from other people's code.

The following criteria will contribute to your mark:

    Quality of game play (40 %)
        Is the game fun to play?
        Does it look and sound good?
        Is it free from errors?
        Is it platform independent (i.e does it run on mac, windows and linux) ?
    Software quality (40 %)
        Good use of Python (objects, functions etc)
        Reusable code
        Is the code well documented?
    Other factors (20 %)
        Did the team work well together? 
        Are the instructions clear?
        Did the demo go well?
        Clear references to code used for inspiration 

The submission should include the following (as one zip file)

    Python source code (with comments explaining the structure of the code).
    Any other files required, e.g. graphics or soundfiles.
    A short installation instruction in a file README (<= 1 page)
    A short description of the game in a file called DESCRIPTION (<= 2 pages)
    A short statement describing the individual contribution to the project CONTRIB (<= 1 page)
    and how you have used other programs (which ones) for inspiration.

Each member of the group should submit their own copy (which should agree with the other team member's submission apart froom CONTRIB). 

You will be asked to anonymously assess the contributions of the other team members and this will feed into the final mark.

All group members have to show up the the scheduled demo and may be asked to explain part of the code during the demo.

If you have any questions regarding the project, please use the discussion forum!
